Use python >= 3.9 instead of ^3.9 (#3789)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> Use `python >= 3.9` instead of `^3.9` to avoid confilcts of other projects use `>= 3.x`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release updates the Python version requirement to use ⁠python >= 3.9 instead of ⁠^3.9 to avoid conflicts with other projects that use ⁠>= 3.x
```
